---
layout: post
title:  17-11-30 Group 01 Formal Meeting Record
date:   2017-11-30 15:00:00 +0800
categories: Formal
---
## Software Engineering Group Projectï¼ˆAUC1 17-18)
## Group 01 Formal Meeting Record
###### Date: 2017/11/30 3:00-4:00pm
###### Absence: No
###### Attendance: 
- ZhiChao Gu (ZC)
- JiaYing Sun (JY)
- ZiYao Wang (ZY)
- YuanLiang Gao (YL)
- Mawentai Zeng (WT)
- Xiaodong Liu (XD)

### Discussion
#### The content of interim report. (ZC, YL, JY WT)
1. The report content should rely on the things that we think are important in GRP progress.
2. Supervisor will only read the draft once and return a feedback within three days.

#### Discussion about back-end exploration last week. (YL, ZY)
- Still, the language choosing should consider the actual requirement in this project.
	
#### Discussion about front-end progress. (JY, ZC)
- The style and functionality of page should both be considered appropriately.
 
### Brief plan for this week and next meeting:
1. Concentrate on the interim report and do the division of labor.
2. Update and put the team site in the cs-linux.
3. Informal meeting in this weekend.
4. To have more time doing report draft before meeting, it is better to have formal meeting in next Friday and it will also be mentioned in the email.

